[Music]
what if I told you there is a country
where over 175 languages are spoken
people text more than anywhere else in
the world and boxing fights directly
influence crime rates it sounds pretty
much unbelievable but it's all true in
the Philippines 14 there are more than
175 spoken languages there are two
official languages in the Philippines
Filipino based on Tagalog and English
Filipino is the most commonly spoken in
pop culture language and the government
of the country uses English in their
work by the way the Philippines are
number five on the list of the world's
top English speaking populations after
US India Pakistan in the UK all this
sounds pretty plain and ordinary but in
fact the diverse linguistic groups
living in the country use over 175
languages for their internal
communication since many of them exist
only in spoken form it's impossible to
calculate the exact amount 13 their
capital is the most densely populated
city in the world the nation's capital
Manila and its 16 surrounding cities
that make up the Metro Manila area have
a population of 12 point eight million
people during the daytime this number
gets way higher since many people come
here to work and while the number
doesn't sound that crazy take note that
all these people live and work in an
area of sixteen point five six square
miles
this makes the population density equal
to one hundred eleven thousand two
people per square mile and that's five
times higher than in Mumbai or Paris for
example 12 they have churches in
shopping malls shopping malls aren't
merely a place where you buy stuff for
Filipinos they are safe air-conditioned
community hubs with gyms health clinics
concert halls nightclubs parks and even
churches inside so it's no surprise that
they are the favorite place to meet up
with friends for so many locals and
three of the world's 10 largest shopping
malls are located in the Philippines
they are mega fashion mall of SM
Megamall
SM City North EDSA and SM Mall of Asia
eleven Filipinos are the number one
texting nation in the world
you already know Filipinos love meeting
up with friends at shopping malls and
when they can't see each other in person
they text and when they do it they
rarely limit it to hey how are you
in fact they send about 400 million
texts a day and that's around 142
billion texts a year it's more than the
US and Europe put together
not exactly a little number for a
country of 107 million people 10 they
have a unique form of transportation if
you visit Manila
you'll notice some interesting looking
vehicles called cheap knees they are
converted u.s. army jeeps that stayed in
the country after World War two
Filipinos adapted them the transport of
218 passengers who jump on the jeepney
going in their direction and ring the
bell for it to stop there are about
50,000 jeepneys in Manila and they all
look different with basketball stars
cartoon characters inspirational quotes
neon lights and whatnot on them there
are two major problems with Japanese
safety concerns and pollution they
produce huge amounts of black smoke so
hurry up if you want to ride before they
get replaced with a Rapid Transit System
9 one of the islands has more volcanoes
than towns the Philippines are without a
doubt a super scenic location among all
the islands that are a part of it
comedian sure stands out with more
volcanoes per square mile than any other
island on the planet the island is 14
miles long an 8.5 miles wide and has
seven volcanoes and five towns and even
though earthquakes and eruptions shaped
it volcanoes have been deep asleep since
the 50s so thousands of tourists can
safely visit the island these days 8
their national flag has a secret meaning
the national flag of the Philippines has
2 bands of blue and scarlet and a white
triangle at the hoist with a Yellow Sun
and a trace each of them standing for
one province of the country the yellow
stars stand for the three largest island
groups Luzon Visayas and Mindanao what
makes a flag really unique is that it
can be reversed to declare a state of
war
happened during the Filipino
Revolutionary War of 1898 to 1901 and
during World War two in 1941 to 1945
seven boxing directly affects crime
rates in the country Filipinos love
boxing and are crazy about their most
famous boxer Manny Pacquiao whenever he
fights the whole country is glued to its
TV sets and according to the Philippine
National Police BMP crime rates in the
country dropped significantly when he's
in the ring during his 12 round fight
against American boxer Floyd Mayweather
jr. that went from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00
p.m.
not a single crime was committed in the
whole Manila metropolitan area it was
basically the same during other major
fights with the participation of the
people's champ
Manny Pacquiao 6 a lot of Filipinos work
abroad it might be because of their
flexible and reliable character or the
fact that they speak great English as a
second language but more than 11 million
Filipinos work abroad it's around 11% of
the population and a quarter of all
overseas nurses in the world come from
the Philippines 5 their rice terraces
are the 8th wonder of the world but now
a rice terraces are the oldest in the
world and we're so smartly designed that
they still bring a harvest of rice and
vegetables most of which get exported
and it is believed if all the terraces
had been built and to end they would
stretch halfway around the world today
these places bring the country more
money as a tourist destination than rice
plantations and thus they play an
important role for the economy of the
Philippines for they produce a lot of
coconuts for years the Philippines had
been the number one producer of coconuts
in the world and even though the
leadership now belongs to Indonesia 153
million 532 thousand tons per year is
still an impressive number isn't it
these coconuts are used to make anything
from clothing to beauty products 3 the
first Europeans who visit the
Philippines was Ferdinand Magellan the
legendary Explorer made the first record
of the Archaea Palacio among the
Europeans in 1521
founded the first settlement in Cebu and
thus most of the area became a Spanish
colony this explains the fact that
around 90 percent of the population are
Christian unlike most of the country's
neighbors in 1898 the Philippines went
under u.s. rule and later in 1946 became
an independent republic - a Filipino
made the first karaoke machine if you
love to sing along you ought to thank
Filipinos for your favorite pastime
the first karaoke machine in the world
was created in 1975 by Roberto del
Rosario he patented as the sing-along
system and even though there were some
attempts to claim his creation he still
remains the only patent holder for the
karaoke system one the population is
extremely good-looking along with their
love for boxing texting and shopping
Filipinos are crazy about beauty
pageants it might be the years of
American rule that gave them this love
for competitive beauty but the fact
remains a fact they have won in all
major international pageants 15 times
there were four girls crowned Miss
Universe won Miss World six title
holders of Miss international and for
Miss earth crowns the first official
pageant was held within the country in
1908 and since 2001 it's not just about
beauty but also for the promotion of
environmental protection would you like
to visit the Philippines or maybe you've
already been there let me know in the
comments section below don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life